Welcome to data science
methodology overview. After watching this video, you'll be able to describe
the term methodology, relate methodology
to data science and John Rollins's contributions
to data methodology, identify the 10 stages of
standard data methodology and categorize the questions for 10 stages of standard
data methodology. Data science is an
influential domain that combined
statistical analysis, technological expertise,
and domain knowledge to extract valuable insights
from extensive data sets. However, despite the
recent increase in computing power and
easier access to data, we often don't understand the questions being
asked or know how to apply the data correctly to address the problem at hand. Using a methodology helps
resolve those issues. What is a methodology? A methodology is a
system of methods used in a particular
area of study. A methodology is a
guideline for the decisions researchers must make during
the scientific process. In the context of data science, data science methodology is a structured
approach that guides data scientists and solving complex problems and making
data-driven decisions. Data science methodology
also includes data collection forms,
measurement strategies, and comparisons of
data analysis methods relative to different research
goals and situations. Using a methodology provides the practical guidance needed to conduct scientific
research efficiently. There's often a
temptation to bypass methodology and jump
directly to solutions. However, jumping to
solutions hinders our best intentions
for solving problems. Next, let's explore methodology as it
relates to data science. The data science
methodology discussed in this course is a methodology
outlined by John Rollins, a seasoned IBM Senior
Data Scientist. This course is built
on his professional experience and insights into the importance of
following a methodology for successful data
science outcomes. As a general methodology, data science
methodology consists of the following 10 stages. Business understanding,
analytic approach, data requirements,
data collection, data understanding,
data preparation, modeling, evaluation,
deployment, and feedback. Asking questions
is the cornerstone of success in data science. Questions drive every stage
of data science methodology. Data science methodology
aims to answer the following 10
basic questions which align with the data
methodology questions. These first two questions
help you define the issue and determine
what approach to use. You'll ask, what is the problem that you're
trying to solve? How can you use data to
answer the question? You'll use the next
four questions to help you get organized
around the data. You'll ask, what data do you
need to answer the question, where's the data source from, and how will you
receive the data? Does the data you collect represent the problem
to be solved and what additional
work is required to manipulate and work
with the data? Then you'll use these final
four questions to validate your approach and final
design for ongoing analysis. You'll ask, when you apply
data visualizations, do you see answers that
address the business problem? Does the data model answer the initial business question or must you adjust the data? Can you put the
model into practice? Can you get constructive
feedback from the data and the stakeholder to answer
the business question? In this video, you learned
that data science methodology guides data scientists in solving complex
problems with data. A methodology also includes data collection forms,
measurement strategies, and comparisons of
data analysis methods relative to different research
goals and situations. As a general science
methodology, data methodology consists
of the following 10 stages. Business understanding,
analytic approach, data requirements,
data collection, data understanding,
data preparation, modeling, evaluation,
deployment, and feedback. The 10 questions aligned with defining the business issue, determining an approach,
organizing your data, and validating your approach
for the final data design.